(Mr. Heartland)
If you're just
joining us here at
the World
Duel Carnival,
please help us extend
a warm congratulations
to Kite on his
outstanding victory!
He along with Vetrix are the
first semi-finalists to emerge.
Now there's only room for
two more to advance.
Who will it be?
But the bigger
question is,
why am I here
jabbering when
we've got so much
action on the way?
What kind of action?
(All)
Dueling action!
I am sensing a powerful
pulse of energy
coming from
up ahead, Yuma.
Energy?
Correct.
I believe it may be the
power of the crest.
That could mean
Vetrix is close?
That is quite
feasible.
(Yuma)
Well what do you say
we find out for sure?
♪ If life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down before
my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid ♪
♪ To challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die
if I high-five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
believe ♪
♪ Nothing will
bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and
chase my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me through
my darkest days ♪
♪ Take a chance to make
it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
I'll take a chance today ♪
(Mr. Heartland)
It's time to turn
up the heat!
Ladies and gentlemen,
may I present to you
the Magma Field!
And it looks like
Quattro and Shark
are headed there
for a fiery faceoff!
Shark is so dreamy.
I finally caught
up with you.
You get tired
of runnin'?
From you?
Please...
You played right
into my hands.
I wasn't running away,
I was luring
you right here,
to the scorching hot
Magma field,
where you are at an
overwhelming disadvantage.
You see, your deck's
full of Water monsters,
and water and fire
don't exactly mix!
All right,
Quattro!
Take a bite
out of Shark!
She wouldn't
be so gung-ho
if she knew what Quattro
was really like.
Yeah I'll say.
In the end, Quattro
is just a lying,
self-serving snake!
Let's duel!
I'm jumpin' in
and going first!
I draw!
And if you think this Magma
field's gonna burn me,
then you got another
thing comin'!
I activate the spell
Plate Salvage!
And due to its effect,
the field spell that makes
this place so scorching
is stopped for
two turns!
Check it out, Tori.
It's Shark
versus Quattro!
This I gotta see!
Yuma.
How nice of
you to join us.
I thought this was
the Magma Field.
Yeah, what gives--
It's freezing here.
Achoo!
Very shrewd.
Shark must have ceased
the field's effects
by activating
a spell card.
How I've waited
for this.
Quattro, at long last
squaring off against Shark.
I set the wheels in motion
for this duel long ago.
You can be quite sure I'll be
keeping my eye on this one!
I summon
Tripod Fish!
Now that there's a
Fish-Type monster on my field,
I can summon
Shark Stickers!
So come on out
and make a splash!
Shark's got a pair
of Level 3 monsters!
Bet I know
what's next!
I overlay Level 3
Tripod Fish and Shark Stickers
in order to build the
Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Submersible
Carrier Aero Shark!
I activate its
special ability!
By using one
Overlay Unit,
you take 400 points of damage
for every card in my hand,
and I'm holding
three cards.
So that means you're about
to lose 1,200 life points!
Well done!
Shark dealt a big-time blow
on his very first turn!
Quattro's been
Shark attacked!
That's right Shark!
Aww, yeah!
Amazing move!
I can't wait to see
you take Quattro out!
I place two cards
facedown and end my turn.
You think you're
hot stuff
summoning an Xyz Monster
on your first turn, huh?
Well, I was counting
on that, Shark!
Now I draw.
You see, when you summoned
your Xyz Monster,
you put my master
plan in motion!
Since I have no
monsters on my field
and you have
an Xyz Monster,
I can now summon my Level 8
Gimmick Puppet Magnet Doll!
And I'll follow
that up by summoning
Gimmick Puppet
Gear Changer!
This little beauty
becomes the same Level
as Gimmick Puppet
Magnet Doll!
Now do your thing,
Gear Changer!
This isn't looking too good
for Shark right now.
I hope he can turn
things around.
I overlay Level 8 Gimmick
Puppet Magnet Doll
and Gimmick Puppet
Gear Changer!
With these
two monsters,
I build the Overlay
Network and Xyz Summon!
Say hello to
Number 15:
Gimmick Puppet
Giant Grinder!
That's scary!
Yeah, you said it!
That's the monster that
put Bronk and Caswell
in a world of hurt!
You are way out
of your league
and soon you'll
be sunk, Shark!
And unfortunately
for you,
this is just
the beginning.
Quattro means
business!
Yeah, I'll say.
Get ready...
Oh no-- not again!
What on earth is happening
with the video feed?
More technical
difficulties?
How disappointing-- it couldn't
have happened at a worse time.
This duel was really
heating up!
Who's doing this?
A duel of this
consequence
should have the
dignity of privacy,
So I took care
of the cameras.
Ah, the bitter
hatred
between Quattro and
Shark runs very deep.
And now without
any prying eyes,
I can do
as I please.
I activate Gimmick Puppet Giant
Grinder's special ability!
It instantly destroys
your Aero Shark,
and you take damage equal
to its attack points.
Oh no!
Oh, are you okay?
If he is, he won't
be for long,
because now my Giant Grinder
can attack him directly!
I don't think
so, Quattro!
I activate
Bubble Bringer!
This card negates your
monster's direct attack!
What a sweet move!
Shark, you may have
stopped my monster,
But one thing you can't
stop is the climate!
You see, Plate Salvage's
effect ends this turn,
so the temperature
is going way up!
And the chance of you
making a comeback
is going way down!
Whoa!
It went from frosty
to fiery just like that.
This is bad
for Shark.
His luck
has turned.
I don't need a field
spell to beat you!
Let me demonstrate!
My turn-- I draw!
I summon Hammer Shark!
And I activate Bubble
Bringer's effect!
I send this to
the graveyard
to summon
Tripod Fish back!
And since it
was Special Summoned,
Tripod Fish
gains one level!
You fool!
Did you forget that this
field's relentless heat
makes it near
impossible
for Water Attribute
monsters to duel?
Your monster stands
no chance here!
Let me show you
what I mean!
What?
How'd that happen?
Shark simply activated
a trap card, Yuma.
What's that?
It's the trap card
Adapt to Adversity!
It stops spell
and trap cards
from destroying my
water monster!
Know what that means?
My monster Tripod Fish
stays on the field.
Oh wow!
Shark is the man!
If you mean that his dueling
is unmatched, then I concur.
Quattro,
Today I get to
pay you back
for all that
you've done!
Setting me up
and getting me
disqualified from
the nationals,
putting my sister
in the hospital!
I will defeat you Quattro,
no matter what the cost!
This could get ugly!
Thanks to Bubble
Bringer's effect,
when I Xyz Summon, Tripod
Fish counts as two monsters!
So I overlay two Tripod Fish
and Hammer Shark!
With these
three monsters,
I build the Overlay
Network and Xyz Summon
Number 32:
Shark Drake!
Shark summoned
out Shark Drake!
I've seen
that before!
Yes, that is the Number Card
Trey gave to Shark,
at my command,
of course.
All is proceeding
as I had planned.
Excellent.
Now Shark, give in
to your anger so that
Shark Drake may
take hold.
That Number,
it belonged to Trey.
Did Vetrix use Trey to pass
the Number to Shark?
Has he been plotting this
duel the whole time?
Why, yes-- didn't
I mention it?
Vetrix!
Why wasn't I told?
Telling you would
only compromise
the security of
my plan, Quattro.
And who knows who
you might tell?
You see everyone has
their role to play.
Trey and Quinton.
Even you, my boy.
That so?
Then what's
my role, huh?
To drive Shark's rage,
making his anger soar
to new heights!
And the angrier
Shark gets,
the quicker the
Number consumes him.
Let me get
this straight.
you just used me to
make Shark angry
so he'd summon
Shark Drake?
That's about it!
Now go!
Attack Gimmick Puppet
Giant Grinder,
Shark Drake!
I activate Shark Drake's
special ability.
I use one Overlay
Unit to summon
Gimmick Puppet Giant
Grinder back to your field.
And lower its attack
points by a thousand!
Why would Shark give
Quattro back
his monster?
Um, well,
that's 'cause...
Shark Drake
can attack
Quattro's Gimmick
Puppet Giant Grinder
a second time because of
its special ability.
Exactly-- what
he said!
What who said?
Quattro has 1,500
life points left.
If this move works,
Shark'll win the duel!
I summon Gimmick Puppet
Twilight Joker from my hand!
I can summon this monster
by banishing Giant Grinder.
Sorry your plan was
cut short, Shark!
(Vetrix)
Ooh.
That was close
Quattro.
A most impressive
countermeasure.
Yes, most
impressive indeed.
But it remains to be seen
if your quick thinking
was a fluke or a harbinger
of things to come.
Be quiet, Vetrix!
Did he just
say "Vetrix"?
Are you here,
Vetrix?
Don't hide from me!
Peek-a-boo!
Vetrix is here!
Not quite.
It seems Vetrix is using
the power of the crest
to speak with
us from afar.
(Vetrix)
How very astute
of you, Astral.
Vetrix, Why are
you spying on
Quattro and
Shark's duel?
What is
your purpose?
I demand that
you answer me!
Well, since you
asked so nicely,
I suppose I'll share
my plot with you all,
as there is no
stopping me now.
I intend for the Number
Shark Drake to consume Shark.
That will make him
prone to my influence,
and I can use him
to finish Dr. Faker.
No way!
Think again!
You're not using me for
anything, understand?
Oh, I beg to
disagree.
I can be quite
convincing.
You will be my puppet,
doing exactly as I wish,
powerless to defy me.
But why, Vetrix?
Why have you
chosen Shark?
Why not me?
I am the better
duelist!
Please, Vetrix,
this is a mistake!
Let me take on
Dr. Faker!
I tire of hearing myself
repeat this to you, Quattro.
Each person has their own
role to fill in my plans.
But to be quite clear, you
are not the stronger duelist.
That honor goes to Shark.
You're wrong!
I will never
accept that!
I will show you who the
stronger duelist is!
I will prove that
you misjudged me
by beating him
in this duel!
It's my turn!
I draw!
And now, Shark, I activate
the dreaded spell card
Gimmick Puppet Ritual
from my hand!
With this card,
I summon a Gimmick Puppet
from my graveyard.
Now return, Gimmick
Puppet Magnet Doll!
I overlay Level 8 Gimmick
Puppet Twilight Joker
and Gimmick Puppet
Magnet Doll!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
And Xyz Summon Number 40:
Gimmick Puppet of Strings!
And if that's got you worried,
prepare to be petrified
because now I equip
Gimmick Puppet of Strings
with the spell
String of Destiny!
Do you know
what that means?
I send the top card in
my deck to the graveyard!
If it's a monster
card I can attack
the same number of times
as that monster's level!
Your monster
won't be destroyed.
No, you alone will
take all the damage!
Look at that!
I drew level 8 Gimmick
Puppet Dreary Doll!
Do the math.
It means I can attack your Shark
Drake eight times in a row!
Yes Shark,
it's true!
I can attack your Shark Drake
eight times in a row!
This is real bad.
Eight consecutive
attacks?
And now, attack Gimmick Puppet
with Celestial Slash!
Shark!
Due to String of
Destiny's effect,
Shark's monster
will remain
as he endures
all the damage
from the
consecutive attacks.
Now, Gimmick Puppet,
attack it again!
Don't stop Gimmick Puppet,
keep attacking!
I can't watch.
Quattro!
What you're
doing is wrong!
Dueling has
nothing to do
with giving in
to your anger.
Oh, to the contrary...
I-- I can't move!
Yuma!
So sorry, but I can't let
you interfere with this duel.
Just sit tight, relax,
and enjoy the show!
Quattro, stop!
You're hurting him!
Yeah, cut it out, dueling's
not about causing pain!
I can't say I agree.
My only concern is
that Shark may be
getting used to
the punishment.
In case you're
not keeping count,
this is my fifth attack!
Quattro, dueling's
about competition,
friendly competition,
emphasis on "friendly."
Dueling's about friends!
Yuma you are
just like him.
Just like your
father, Kazuma.
You're both misguided.
Quiet!
He would prattle
on about dueling
being about friendship
and other such nonsense.
Don't you dare talk
about my father!
Oh my, I think I hit
a nerve, didn't I, Yuma?
Am I making you angry?
Excellent.
Your anger will
deliver you
further and further into my
clutches, so stay angry!
Do you have
something to say?
Well, out with it Yuma.
Let's hear what's
on your mind.
Everyone whose life you
touch suffers, Vetrix!
You tormented poor Dextra
in the Jungle field!
And you used
Trey and Quinton
as tools for your
own revenge!
Yes, Yuma!
Let your anger for me
burn like a wildfire.
I can sense your
anger growing.
It's so delightful!
Very soon,
you'll be mine.
Enough!
Did you enjoy those attacks
as much as I did?
My attacks are over.
But your punishment's
just begun.
I activate Gimmick Puppet of
Strings' special ability!
I use one Overlay Unit
to put a String
Counter on Shark Drake.
At the end of
your next turn,
the String Counter will
destroy Shark Drake.
And you Shark, will
be taking damage
equal to its
attack points!
With that,
I end my turn,
and your chances
of winning!
Shark!
Get up!
Don't quit now!
Shark, you can't
let Quattro win!
Oh no...
Looks like Shark's
down for the count!
Shark!